projects/ng-rassembler/README.md, before:

# NgRassembler

This library was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.1.1.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name --project ng-rassembler` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module --project ng-rassembler`.
> Note: Don't forget to add `--project ng-rassembler` or else it will be added to the default project in your `angular.json` file. 

## Build

Run `ng build ng-rassembler` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Publishing

After building your library with `ng build ng-rassembler`, go to the dist folder `cd dist/ng-rassembler` and run `npm publish`.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test ng-rassembler` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

readme and linear rassembly component

projects/ng-rassembler/README.md, after:

# Recursive Assembler

This module provides a way to recursively assemble trees of typed objects
based on a string-to-type mapping. This includes converting a json hierarchy
into a component hierarchy.

This library was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.1.1.

## Notes

Rassembler is short for recursive assembler.

## References

These references were used while building this module:
- angular ad component – https://angular.io/guide/dynamic-component-loader

---

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name --project ng-rassembler` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module --project ng-rassembler`.
> Note: Don't forget to add `--project ng-rassembler` or else it will be added to the default project in your `angular.json` file. 

## Build

Run `ng build ng-rassembler` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Publishing

After building your library with `ng build ng-rassembler`, go to the dist folder `cd dist/ng-rassembler` and run `npm publish`.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test ng-rassembler` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
